The two-way table is shown divided into information for the four phases that occur in the life of an organization. The four phases presented in the columns are “Entrepreneurship,” “Survival and Early Success,” “Sustained Success,” and “Renewal (or Decline).” The organizational structure, extent of formal systems, and key ideas of each phase are presented in the rows. The organizational structure, extent of formal systems, and key ideas of the entrepreneurship phase are presented as follows. Organization: Organic organizational structure (hierarchy with individuals reporting to a single head, represented pictorially); Extent of formal systems: Minimal to nonexistent; Key Ideas: Marshalling of resources; Lots of ideas; Entrepreneurial activities; Little planning and coordination; Formation of a “niche;” “Prime mover” has power. The organizational structure, extent of formal systems, and key ideas of the survival and early success phase are presented as follows. Organization: Formal organizational structure (hierarchy with upper- and lower-level managers, represented pictorially); Extent of formal systems: Minimal; Key Ideas: Informal communication and structure; Sense of collectivity; Long hours spent; Sense of mission; Innovation continues; High commitment. The organizational structure, extent of formal systems, and key ideas of the sustained success phase are presented as follows. Organization: Mechanistic and functional organizational structure (hierarchy with multiple levels of employees, represented pictorially); Extent of formal systems: Basic/Developing/Maturing; Key Ideas: Formalization of rules; Stable structure; Emphasis on efficiency and maintenance; Conservatism; Institutionalized procedures. The organizational structure, extent of formal systems, and key ideas of the renewal phase are presented as follows. Organization: Functional organizational structure (higher levels of coordination between and among different groups or subunits, represented pictorially); Extent of formal systems: Extensive; Key Ideas: Elaboration (or reduction) of structure; Decentralization (or centralization); Domain expansion (or reduction); Adaptation (or stagnation); Renewal (or decline).