The graphical representation plots the contingency model of leader-situation matches based on three factors namely, “Leader-Member Relations,” “Task Structure,” and “Leader Position Power.” The vertical axis of the graph is labeled “Performance” with the lower part of the axis denoting “Poor” performance and the upper part denoting “Good” performance. The horizontal axis of the graph represents situational favorableness based on the three factors. It ranges from 1 to 8, in increments of 1, with the region lying between 1 and 3 denoting “Favorable,” the region lying between 3 and 6 denoting “Moderate,” and the region lying between 6 and 8 denoting “Unfavorable.” It shows two curves plotted on the graph, one labeled “Task Motivated” and the other labeled “Relationship Motivated.” The curve labeled “Task Motivated” begins linearly from the upper point “Good” on the vertical axis and moves in parallel to the horizontal axis until it reaches a point opposite 2.6 on the horizontal axis. It then slopes downward to point 3.6 on the horizontal axis and runs along it until it reaches point 5.2. It further moves upward to a point (depicting good performance) opposite 6.6 on the horizontal axis. It finally continues to move in parallel to the horizontal axis. The curve labeled “Relationship Motivated” begins from the lower point “Poor” on the vertical axis and moves along the horizontal axis until it reaches a point opposite 2.6 on the horizontal axis. It then moves upward to a point opposite 3.6 on the horizontal axis and further moves downward to 6.6 (depicting poor performance) on the horizontal axis. It finally continues to move along the horizontal axis. All values used for the graph are approximated. A table with three rows and eight columns appear below the graph, with the row heads labeled “Leader-Member Relations,” “Task Structure,” and “Leader Position Power.” The column heads are shown indexed with the points 1 through 8 marked on the horizontal axis, on moving from left to right. The data presented in the table appears as follows.
Leader-Member Relations: 1, Good; 2, Good; 3, Good; 4, Good; 5, Poor; 6, Poor; 7, Poor; 8, Poor.
Task Structure: 1; High; 2, High; 3, Low; 4, Low; 5, High; 6, High; 7, Low; 8, Low.
Leader Position Power: 1, Strong; 2, Weak; 3, Strong; 4, Weak; 5, Strong; 6, Weak; 7, Strong; 8, Weak.